## General Background
For far too long healthcare has struggled with being able to address the basic task of accessing information quickly to help drive business decisions and capabilities. The typical focus across healthcare, has been and is, around the software providers enabling access to data via some form of integration, their technology, canned reports or other various capabilities. However, there is a growing business and technology requirements and need in near real-time for data access. For most types of organizations integration continues to be considered a very frustrating and sunk cost needed for business purposes. However, over the last decade its importance has grown substantially based on the current landscape shifts involving: 
* Increasing mandates: at varying levels (Federal, State, Province, etc.) or changes in funding or contractual obligations.
* Healthcare comeptition: Companies that are competitors are now also aligning as partners. This can be due to acquisition(s), the shift into different market areas, contracts or various other drivers. 
* Innovation: There is a increasing need for companies to become more "friendly" whether that be technical or consumer based. Business is demanding more results and quicker!!!!
* "Cloud": Whether it is the healthcare and life sciences companies or the vendors that support them the Cloud is continuing to see growing adoption with varying forms of usage and implementations.

<br/>
Because of these transformational changes whether you are in the administrative, clinical, financial, or life sciences areas of healthcare information can no longer be the struggle that it has been, more than ever it is now and integral part of the healthcare business. As part of our effort, we wanted to ensure a focus around bringing the best capabilities to bear with the leading open-source platforms available. We believe it is time for data to be viewed as the asset and THE innovation enabler and driver. Now is the time for Intelligent DaaS (Data as a Service). It was born in January 2020 and designed as a means to help showcase how Red Hat's culture and technologies can enable healthcare and solve real world problems. Intelligent DaaS (Data as a Service) can be viewed as many things due to all the capabilities it enables. Most importantly for us Intelligent DaaS (Data as a Service) is all about introducing innovation through reusable frameworks, design patterns and implementations that will enable organizations to quickly start driving value with information. Intelligent DaaS (Data as a Service) is about enabling organizations to make data a product and build assets on top of it. Because <b>"Data is the asset!!!"</b> Intelligent DaaS (Data as a Service) is about enabling information for knowledge that can be used for action in a secure and scalable manner. Intelligent DaaS (Data as a Service) is a powerful set of healthcare industry design pattern/framework that is a blueprint for connecting, processing and leveraging clinical, financial, life sciences, and other needed data at scale to build solutions for today and tomorrow in a consistent manner. The ONLY limitation is your imagination and connecting to the data!!!!
